listen music and movies just go together
I'm not saying that one medium is better
than the other cuz I clearly have a bias
here with this movie channel music
channel reviving soon
but while westerns come and go super
heroes we all know will one day retire
musicals are still going strong every
year granted there's not as much tap
dancing as the old days but there's not
making it to the Oscars regardless of if
they're disrespected or we are but like
animation it's a genrih within genres
all the musical needs to qualify as
being a musical is music the rest can
vary by a lot it can be a family film or
a midnight called classic a high school
masterpiece or a zombie coming-of-age
film it can be an LSD trip or a demo REO
nowadays it's even the people who you
least expect it to be helping the
soundtrack me and flex looking in the
index for buff net [ __ ] just for some
hot butt sex so I wanted to make a video
covering the three big ones so far this
year all time-stamped in case you don't
want to you know get any slight spoilers
that I might be talking around so you
could jump around between all of them
but I decided or figured I'd start with
the one that's British let me explain
so Rocket Man was easily my favorite one
out of the bunch Taryn had already
worked with Elton on Kingsman - he even
covered one of his songs as a cartoon
already so when it came to this rope
maybe he knocked it out of the park of
course there's an entire list of things
that were altered in this movie but the
fact they went for a more across the
universe approach instead of playing it
straight like Bohemian I think helps it
it probably would have made more money
if it wasn't rated R obviously but I
love that Elton was like you know my
life's not pg-13 so neither is the movie
and yeah he'd hold anything back from
this [ __ ] kill myself
it's a trip where he's opened up
completely about his childhood and at no
point do you feel like he was
overlooking the production as we've seen
with other ones where you can tell the
producers looking at them telling him to
tone it down but here it's like he was
asking for more but sex of course that
caused Russia to edit out all the gay
scenes and Samoa just straight-up banded
which is it just it's crazy considering
that they do allow his music over there
so it just kind of reminds me of an
argument I once had with a youth pastor
about finding Dory because he believed
some random interaction between two
cartoon females implied Disney had a gay
agenda and so he was gonna stick with
the original clearly not knowing who
voices dory but again I loved how open
Elton was about this he starts the movie
by calling himself out we get to see his
childhood where his parents just ignored
that he had this god-given talent and
treated him like Mathilda I'll see you
tomorrow do you know how disappointing
it is to be your mother the acting in
the scene where he finally reveals to
his mom that he's gay feels like a
confession and more like he's waiting to
be scorned with an i-told-you-so but I'd
rather you keep that sort of thing to
yourself I just hope you realize you're
choosing a life of being alone forever
you'll never be loved properly
his dad even started a new family and
said second time's the charm never
giving Elton closure but if nothing's
worked out really well second time
around that I suppose I Oh No
would you make it out to offer you sir
one of the blokes from work he's a big
fan and then he even gets screwed by
Robb Stark who look I'm straight but he
probably would have swooned me over he
actually did swill be over because I
didn't see the trailers to it I didn't
know how his real-life counterpart was
so I was pissed off when I realized he
was the bad guy you saying contracts
with me years ago so I'll still be
collecting my 20% along after you've
killed yourself I also really liked how
they spend way more time on the struggle
you know all the moments before he was
famous that makes the entire movie feel
like a memory and he is narrating it
from a a so there is that point but then
there's all these creative decisions
with the storytelling they play with
these black and white effects in order
to make certain colors pop they respect
the audience enough to know all the
cliches story beads that come with the
rise to fame and Rehab marriage boys
they're really honing in on the magical
side of this to the point that I almost
forgot it was a biopic honestly think
this bad boy would kill as a Broadway
play and that's probably because some of
the artistic choices in the movie I
think wouldn't come off as whimsical
because there were some effects that
like I loved Bryce Dallas Howard
Chastain she's gorgeous and everything
she's in but this motion-tracking aging
effect that they put on her but it
looked like play-doh it looked like the
play-doh he put on lay out his face
really identical I've got this in Dobby
so you know there were scenes where he
was dancing and I thought I was with him
it was that good but then there'd be a
performance obviously very stylized
clearly it's meant to be the highlight
of the movie since he's singing Rocket
Man and he turns into a rocket I love
the idea of it I loved what they were
going for but boy did it look like a
shooting stars me
[Music]
overall I clearly loved it regardless of
some of the effects but Taryn was
incredible the final scene at the
meeting where he gives his younger self
a hug showing her he's embracing his
past and not letting it bring him down
yeah that was incredible and then the
movie ends with this song I really
really really do like this movie so
check it out check out more than twice
shout out to Elton for being 28 years
sober and for finding proper love you
gotta kill the person you were born to
be in order to become the person you
want to be I got this one at Sundance
and figured I'd talk about it a bit here
- it's actually based on a memoir which
my dude also turned into a one-man show
Bruce Springsteen grew up in New Jersey
in Asbury Park probably know that I grew
up in Luton in Barry Park I think I'm
beginning to convince some of you guys I
think if you're a fan of sing Street
you're gonna love this I think both of
these work you but we're rock you man
uses as artists discography I think the
best plot wise to move it narrative Lee
when it comes to how the music actually
connects to a character you would have
sworn Bruce Springsteen was a minority
with the way he connected with the
working-class yeah at first I thought
some of the lyrics sing along effects
felt too much like a You Tube typography
video and I think they still kind of do
but really when you're blasting music in
private it does kind of feel like that
you know that every time you get caught
jamming to a song you look like a fool
unless you're wearing air pods of course
but it's a certain level of joy that
just becomes contagious like you know
when you really fall in love with a
movie and you can't stop talking about
it a song and you can't stop singing
about it like there comes a point where
only a psychologist can answer why
you're connecting to it so much I
personally didn't grow up to Bruce
Springsteen
so I didn't really sing along with all
of the lyrics but the themes still hold
true the son feels like his dad is
holding him down not realizing that he
had his own dreams he wasn't able to
follow since they're of Pakistani
descent some movie does deal with
location and how even in his own home
time he doesn't feel like he's at home
and dreams of a better place like
America which in the memoir that bit is
crazy because a real authors dream of
coming to America ends up clashing when
9/11 happens and as he puts it
my mother was crying those poor people
all they were doing was going to work
who would do such a thing who are the
idiots that would take innocent lives do
they not have a conscience
taking father's from children what are
they saying do they know who did this
and the guy had answered they're saying
it was Muslims luckily it's 2019 and
yeah America is so much better right now
but having filmmakers who know and have
lived as perspective really shows like
the show Ramy which I've talked about
and his HBO special that I highly
recommend where you see the viewpoints
of a group of people whose own home is
made to feel like they're renting it by
others
I'm curious to know what you guys think
about this one again I may not have
liked it the most
maybe I didn't connect to the music as
much as I didn't grow up with him but
out of the three I think it sparks the
most post film discussion
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't want to say that this is my
least favorite of the three because then
people automatically think like you hate
it when you do think it's fine it's good
but it is the least favorite of the
three this is the story of a struggling
artist who I mean he's like really
struggling not very attractive no you're
out of shape is your skinny yet somehow
round you have been profoundly
unsuccessful for 10 years Jim and until
about a month ago we'd call you a
complete failure he bumps his head so
hard he wakes up believing the Beatles
never existed he then becomes famous off
of their music once ed Sheeran makes an
extended cameo inviting him on tour and
causing him to become the next big
sensation and I think the movie had its
moments I like a lot of the alternative
jokes that they made like with Cokie and
I do think that the actor does a really
good job singing the let it be bit was
hilarious because he's trying to
introduce them to this song that he
knows to be classic so he's mad that
they're disrespecting it but to everyone
else it just sounds like he's cocky as
hell about his new song wow it's not
Coldplay it's not fixed yet it's not
buddyfix you Carol it's a great great
work of art Wow somebody suddenly got
very cocky I also thought the idea of Ed
Sheeran was gonna feel like I don't like
to corporate if that makes any sense
because he's such a massive pop star but
they spend a half or the half of his
scenes really just belittle that said
just like where the star is born and how
they use Willie Nelson's audience to be
able to make that movie I almost feel
like he just needed a Ed Sheeran's
audience for the big scenes or also what
it cost them a lot okay enough
even if it is being Chris belting we
probably would have come to you and
asked if we could film your audience it
is also kind of like Ed Sheeran in the
best position possible because him being
here in a universe where the Beatles
don't exist shows that he kind of would
have still made it without the Beatles
influence or not but at the same time
he's also saying that the Beatles are
better than him so it's like it's an
interesting thing because in this world
ed Sheeran Coldplay One Direction
doesn't seem like any musicians have
been affected so yeah I don't really
want to be a buzzkill to the movie
I know it's going for that magical
aspect of what the beetles mean to
people but she's yeah well the artist
can still be there then it kind of makes
them replaceable if that makes any sense
and it's kind of funny because I love
the movie Steve Jobs which Danny Boyle
did and a lot of people always tell me
that the ending to that movie wraps up
too nicely it's too cheesy and I just
don't see it I see it here I would be
honest while I I do want to give this
movie another chance when I when I catch
it I just hated the way he treated his
girlfriend who was there from the start
and they both ela president oh my
troubles
what am I saying it's not even his
girlfriend she just she was like a
girlfriend without any of the benefit
that I wanted her to mid-summer him so
bad I have been waiting half my life you
to wake up and love me girl
why overall I loved Elton's story and
rocky man and can't wait to see it on
Broadway one day blinded by the lights a
cute movie but make sure to check out
the memoir it's based on also and
yesterday may have the best music but it
had Lily James waiting on yet again
another myth that's that if Taryn
doesn't get nominated I'm okay with him
losing but nominated I'm snatch and Rani
Malik's chompers and scoping out the
Academy members starting with Tom
Holland thank you guys checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section which
of these three are your favorite what
are the musicals would you like me to
check out I'd mention some like that
they're like really under the radar but
I usually think are really cute I guess
it's a difficult thing because like and
in the apocalypse
none of the music related to me but I
did think it was a cute story like I
thought it was interesting how they
combined a musical into it but it's this
weird thing and where unless the music
really pops off for you like an artist
that usually doesn't make it that big
but musicals are always there on a
yearly basis I feel like it's the one
genre that'll never go away but again
cuz it's more like animation it's not
necessarily its own genre it can be a
scary movie or anything else but I'm
curious to know your recommendations
some of the other things I didn't want
to mention Jamie Bell was incredible in
Rocket Man just wanted to mention that
because I know I didn't cover it in the
main part there was also supposed to be
a Freddie Mercury cameo like actually
Ramy Malick was supposed to appear as
the same character kind of doing like a
cinematic universe on ocala the the
Tupac movie what they did with that that
would have been weird also for yesterday
they had shot that John Lennon scene and
secret I thought that was an interesting
choice
he was also crazy to hear that some
people hated that scene that that was
like disrespectful but it's 2019 man you
breathe it's disrespectful so I'm
curious to know what your guys thoughts
are on these movies let me know down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a master of Abbey Road